A few high notes there.
Now, this is not another marketing survey,
but it is traditional at this point in the program
to recognize people who've traveled some distances
to come and be with us today.
So first of all, would the people from Portland
or other points in Oregon please stand and be recognized?
Let's give them a round of applause.
Now, I know that we've got people here from Vancouver also.
Would they please stand?
British Columbia, yes.
We have people here from Victoria.
Would they please stand?
Hey, good job.
Now, we also have people from California.
Could they please stand?
Any other states?
Anybody here from Wales?
I mean more recently than that.
England?
No.
Scotland?
OK.
Did I miss anybody?
We covered Algeria.
Algeria.
OK.
Now, I think the next thing is the announcements.
And I have several announcements here.
First of all, I understand Sally Brinkley,
the president of the Victoria Welsh Society,
would like to say a few words.
Sally here?
Ah, there she is.
Sally, do you want to come up front,
or can you do it from there?
I don't know how to say it.
I don't know.
We're so glad that you're here.
We knew all the people from the Florida Society.
We're very sorry that you missed your last announcement.
But please, we're strangers.
We're going to take you off the road.
Oh.
But we know that you have a very lovely family.
And I hope next year we'll give you a journey.
But maybe you'll come over to join us in a photographic
trip on our barbecue.
That would be in July.
And hopefully, six of you are.
I have one day.
I'm counting on you to come to see it on our trip.
So it's lovely to see you all.
That's the word.
Thank you very much, Sally.
The next announcement I have is from the Welsh Society of
Vancouver, B.C.
They wish to extend a warm and very special invitation to all
their friends in Seattle to join them in celebrating in June
1989, the 60th anniversary of the Cambrian Hall.
It's on Saturday, June 17th.
They will have a Norsen Lauen.
And on Sunday, June 18th, at 11 a.m., a bilingual service
which will be led by the Reverend Berwyn Roberts.
There will also be a lunch.
And then at 2 o'clock, there will be a Gamandagany followed
by, of course, the Te Ba.
Next announcement.
There's going to be a Worldfest 89 at Northgate Mall next
weekend.
It used to be called the Ethnic Fair, I believe.
And the Welsh group is going to participate.
They're going to have a booth there.
We need some more volunteers to work at the booth.
I think there are some sign-up seats here somewhere today.
Is that correct?
Anybody have those?
Kayla Ware had them out front.
Yes, Kayla has them.
So you can see here after we finish here.
We would like some volunteers to make Welsh cakes.
If you know how to do that.
If you don't, we do have recipes.
They're very easy to make.
Even I can do it.
One other call for help.
If you have a pickup or a van, then we could certainly use
some help to transport our booth to the Worldfest.
We would need it late Thursday evening or early Friday morning.
And then we would need it again on Sunday evening to take
everything back down again.
So please see Kayla Ware during the tear back if you can help.
Lots of announcements here.
I think I've lost one.
Here it is.
May 7th at the Lake City Presbyterian Church here.
We're going to have a service where the Corcum Righ is going to
join with the choir of the Lake City Church and sing together.
We're singing Mordechristi I believe.
And what else?
It will be a very good program.
I can promise you that.
And it's at 10 o'clock.
AM.
Thank you.
Did I miss any announcements?
Anybody got anything else they want to announce?
I wanted to say if anybody has a young child or a grandchild or
nephew or niece or child of a friend or any child in their life
that they would consider teaching to respond for next year's
children of the same.
Please contact my mother.
And I want to add, she paid for taking us.
Got all these songs for me.
And it might not be serious because we were very proud.
It was not easy.
But she got us to teach us.
It's a wonderful thing to teach these children.
And if you really want to do it, my mother will help buy a
tape or whatever else.
So if you have any children, and I want to add also that these
children are our future and they're going to be enjoying the
future to listen to the things we've taught.
So make the effort if you know anybody who you think you could
teach these to who might be able to be here next year and join
one day with them.
Real children's choir going on here.
Thank you.
Thank you, Martha.
And now a short commercial break, folks.
Most people realize that when you put on an event like this,
there's a lot of work going on behind the scenes.
Obviously, it's all volunteer.
But what some people don't realize is that it does cost
quite a bit of money to put on an event like this.
I'm not going to bore you with all the details of that,
but believe me, it does cost quite a bit of money.
One of the major expenses, not surprisingly, is the program.
We do ask that you make a donation.
There will be, the baskets will be passed around while the choir
sings the obituary to be a rave iced.
But please, please give generously.
We don't try to make money on this,
but we do want to cover our expenses so that we can maintain
a fund so that each year we can put on a gamanba like this.
Thank you.
And now the choir will sing Tadi Arad iced
while the ushers will pass the collection baskets around.